[Music]
[Applause]
hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be doing a productive day in my life
over the summer so I'm currently
downstairs getting some breakfast and I
had decided upon porridge I really
wanted porridge this morning but number
one we don't have any milk Chloe's water
I've put some nutmeg in but I wanted to
have some fruit or you know maybe add
some maple syrup or something to make it
a bit sweeter and we don't have anything
plus we don't have any nut butter either
and I don't really like the idea of
having like just the water and oats by
themselves Glidden it'll be very nice I
might put them together into like an
overnight
sorry dog use today I have got quite a
lot to do I am using my master to-do
list and I haven't calculated it because
nothing is particularly urgent it's all
stuff that I think I can get on today
which I want to get done today so I'm
not actually gonna colic ate it but I
now need to choose what I'm gonna start
with because I didn't actually make a
timetable I only made the list
just to kind of get a general idea I'm
just gonna kind of number them 1 2 3 4 5
my first 5 tasks so that I can easily
move from one to the other and I think
I'm gonna start with admin stuff I think
I'm gonna start with some work on a
secret project number one and then I'm
gonna go into doing some emails there
are a few emails I've specific these
that I need to apply to you
[Music]
so I think the first task is gonna take
a while 40 minutes to an hour it's so
exciting
never know which think I'll use this one
cuz my YouTube planning notebook also a
podcast which I recorded with the BBC
was out a few days ago but I was away in
Devon these last few days so I didn't
get a chance to listen to it so that's
nothing I really want to do today didn't
actually put that on my to-do list down
below if you're interested to listen to
youth it's really good fun to record I
recorded it down at BBC Oxford even
though it wasn't for BBC Oxford I
recorded it in Oxford and it was just
such good fun they were so friendly at
the offices and they gave me a complete
tour and I even want to sit at the news
desk which was amazing it was so cool
you
[Music]
okay now I've got an email to reply to
you so I'm just gonna quickly give you
an outfit of the day because people
always ask me to I have got new glasses
as you might be able to see I really
really like these they're metal and
they're very light brown I can't think
of the metals that they resemble they
look a much darker on camera than they
actually are and I've had my other
glasses for three years
so I thought it was kind of time for a
new pair and I really really loved these
ones I've wanted round glasses for about
a year now and I'm so glad that I got
these I am also wearing my trusted
Hollister blazer I actually got this for
my 12th birthday so I've had it for such
a long time this floral black ribbed top
these are some of my favorite shorts
these are from Benetton they're just
these like queue locked shorts but
they're really really smart and they go
perfectly with this blazer and I wanted
to wear something quite smart today when
I'm doing work I prefer to other things
that are smart I just find it hard to
work in hoodies or sweatshirts and
things and less it's really really cold
and I feel really cozy in them so
there's definitely a balance and it's
pretty cool today I mean it's kind of
cold
still got my window even though I'm
getting distracted let's move on to you
replying to this email because I didn't
want to leave it too much longer
and I haven't been on top of my emails
whilst I've been away
so what I like to do when I receive an
email is write up a kind of to-do list
of things I need to do because of this
email so you know calls to action and it
just means I don't forget anything and I
always just wonder what more
productively when I have it to do this
[Music]
Wow you look at that oh my goodness I
want to go outside right now in the rain
but I need to finish doing this first
I'm just currently going through some
ore train tickets and getting them
funded because they were meant to be
expenses and sir I'm just sending all of
that over but this rain is amazing and I
want to go out in it so this email
actually has so far taken me like nearly
an hour to do and it will take me over
an hour because I need to go through all
of these expenses but I feel like going
outside so I am going to go outside it's
pouring down with rain now so I'm going
to grab my trusted rain hat I use on
wellies and also my yellow raincoat
[Music]
sorry I'm funny - laughs my rank
anxieties position easily its brain
inside humanity's can stop to you and
Amy got a tan in the summer the kids
today comes the train and this room
that's really hot
[Music]
it's really cool I do really like this
my feet are safely because I didn't put
wellies on inside obviously
so I have got sheep peasant I've got
three pairs of well he's actually got my
yellow ones I could wear to go with
these I've got my welly Bob's which are
very cute but they're kind of falling
apart and I've got these ones VT
students Connie said to me from Jules
these ones are my favourites and you
know what one thing I actually got told
oh we've got a stone in my wedding
that's not fun you know one thing I
actually get told sometimes in the
comment section of my videos its how
unnecessary
oh my Cameron why is how unnecessary it
is for me to wear wellies in my garden
like there's lots of grass in our garden
and when you walk around like you will
get your feet wet your shoes will get
wet especially in winter so hence why I
wear welly is especially in the rain
maybe it wasn't such a good idea
bringing this camera round NOLA thought
better coming outside with me it seems I
really don't want to ruin this camera
because it's raining really hard so I'm
going to prop you up underneath the tree
okay it's actually pretty much
torrential I'm gonna go back inside
I do like coming out in the rain there
and I say glad I came out and I'm sorry
it's so blurry but kids I've got water
smudged all across the land and they
didn't bring a lens light outside with
me to say I will do that when I'm back
inside it's so person there oh my gosh
I love the road it just feels like water
you know clearly you didn't come out
with me did you
no you didn't you can't go out with me
if you want to do you want you
[Music]
so I also now have an email to reply to
you on my AXA Tech email accounts wait
what's it called your channels check my
mail on axis age then I received this
email a couple days ago and I just need
to quickly rip always then giving
feedback I didn't know this I already
know my mark but I'm just gonna have a
look at the comment this is such good
feedback so this let the lecturer for
this particular module is really really
critical and kind of will like really
pick up on things that you do wrong more
than the things that you do right really
and that's something that I think is
amazing especially for a first year
essay because I haven't got feedback
this detailed on any of my essays oof so
far and it's gonna be so helpful in
future essays say I'm just going to
review this in a tiny bit more detail I
know it's not on my to-do list for today
but I definitely want to you absorb the
feedback this is from a teamwork report
that we did ok so it's 20 to 12 and I'm
still doing admin I've just finished my
second email and uh makes me sound like
I'm really slow at typing and like I but
it's just these even listening to take
such a long time each of these ones I've
written down the ones that I've kind of
been putting off because I know that
they're gonna take such a long time to
reply to you but I've got two of them
done the next thing I need to do is fill
out some forms for some work experience
which I'm doing so I've put work
experience with pan McMullen at the
beginning August which I'm so excited
for I'm so happy that they're going to
have me and but Publishing is an
industry that I really am considering
Arian to you I've got some like health
declaration forms and I need to fill in
to detail the travel expenses that kind
of thing
so this I think will take quite a while
and I need to print everything off fast
and I also need to see if I can go to
London on the 26th to meet with the lady
who's giving me work experience which I
cannot because I'm camping hmm I'll send
in a few other
suggestions oh that's annoying I always
hate it when somebody suggests a day and
you've got some ink books and you feel
really bad because you feel like you
shouldn't have anything booked you know
what I mean
[Music]
I eat lunch so early I don't know if
anyone else relates and I literally eat
lunch at 12 o'clock I don't know maybe
it's because I eat breakfast quite early
but I'm always really hungry at 12 and
then I eat again at 6 and then I don't
eat until I go to sleep so I now need to
do a little bit of work in preparation
for a photo shoot for the kindness
journal which is going ahead next week
kind of on the 30th so next week the
week after next make sure of the list of
people who are going to be there at the
shoot and then I'm going to see if I can
have a catch up about the shoot as well
[Music]
I wasn't so sure about these glasses
when they came I tried them on last
night eight and I thought oh there I put
much preferred them in the shop I'm not
sure if they see me but I actually
really like them
I love the circular shape no no - got my
welly oh that's so annoying
oh I love my well evolves my lollipops
are the ones that I wear like the most
for kids you can just wear them out and
about but she has finally completely
destroyed them Thank You Ally Bub's you
served me very well I've had these for
nearly I'd say like 8 years now I've had
these for eight years so here is my
lunch
very very simple I just got some all day
with some tomato sauce these fried
onions I've got a clove of garlic which
is raw some olives tahini and basil and
it looks amazing and at the same time
I'm just going to get on with some more
admin why is it that this admin is
taking such a long time look at you -
sit sit MA go sit good girl
the dogs were overweight for the first
half of this yes we weren't allowed to
really give them treats and snacks but
they weren't the best now they're a
healthy weight they're like slightly on
the lower side now which is really good
actually because it means that we can
give them treats and I definitely missed
giving them treats I would not have been
allowed to do that like two months ago
she quickly chase up the model business
that I was telling you about earlier
because I think that finished
[Music]
I had a quick email confirmation to send
to the lady to send about my housing
accommodation for next year at
university next I would another finance
a bit to do which again which literally
makes me feel like it's such an adult
we got premium bonds on we were younger
and I need to fill in these forms now I
might be completely mistaken I believe
the way the premium bonds work is like
the bank will draw out somebody's name
or a few people's names every week or
every month and if your name is drawn
out then you might win 25 pounds or 30
pounds and then the money that's in that
account is then kind of it stays in the
premium bonds and so you can continue to
earn money and it will kind of sits
inside this account you have no idea how
much cumulates because it's all a game
of chance it's like gambling but my
parents set this up for my sister and I
when I was born I no need to fill out
this form to request to know how much is
in the account I'm gonna fill out this
very exciting form now I don't know my
National Insurance number there so I'm
gonna have to look look for that and I
think I'm gonna play some music while
I'm doing this because I have a feeling
that this is gonna be quite tedious
[Music]
okay I just finished editing the video I
say that's done and now I just need to
quickly text my friend Natasha because
I'm still not sure what my clowns off
tomorrow basically I double booked
myself and I don't know what to do so
trying to figure out the best way to do
it I feel like doing some exercise and I
probably I'm going to listen to the dear
Ivan Hanson soundtrack because I
finished the book yesterday and the book
is fantastic if you haven't read it I
definitely recommend you do I'm pretty
sure the book was written after the
musical don't know how I feel about that
as a premise I'm usually hugely against
books that were written to follow a
movie or I got and this this example a
musical which isn't that much different
I was pleasantly surprised I thought it
was great I hope I look totally
different in these glasses we're just
gonna do some things like sit ups press
ups
[Music]
[Applause]
I've just edited around 20 pages of air
amantha which I'm really trying to get
done I'm now a third of the way through
the book which is really good and I'm
now gonna get on with doing some more
planning of the most recent book I've
been working on I'm currently doing
chapter pants for that and I around
three-quarters of the way through I aim
to maybe get to the last few chapters
today but I'm not going to push myself
to do the ending because I want to give
myself time to properly think of a
really good ending okay so I'm feeling a
change of scenery now
[Music]
I'm a little bit hungry the people sing
singing the song of Angry Men
[Music]
Marty's megaphone what do I want
um I kind of feel like a jasmine tea
[Music]
we're now going up dinner sorry about
the awful lighting we're getting up for
a curry and I've just written nearly the
ending of the book I just written
there's an climax okay so it'll be great
to think that I've actually finished it
today I'm just keeping it in this toy
story change the battery quickly before
I go actually because this is running
out
[Music]
I realize just how awful the lighting in
my bedroom is so I'm really sorry
because now it's literally orange light
so we got back from our curry at 9
o'clock and I decided to finish up
planning that book I managed to get
everything planned which is crazy like
I've finished the fan of the book
it's a 10,000 word plans it's pretty
in-depth i've never planned a book like
this before and i'm looking forward to
seeing how it goes because i just tried
to alter the process by which i've done
it this time all in all I've written
like five or six books in my life so not
that many when you think about it but
I've never written a book in this
particular way so I'm looking forward to
seeing how it pans out and how I find it
on it I finished that it around 10:15 I
think 10:20 and now it's 10:35 and I'm
just watching this video he is amazing
his channel is incredible also also I
wanted to show you this new top that I
got it literally just came whilst we
were out well not whilst you're out I
don't know I think our neighbors took it
in for us I've now got into the habit of
buying all of my clothes on depop
because it's so much more sustainable if
we allow for the circle of quotes to
continue so Deepak is my number one
go-to and it's also so much more
affordable
I bought this top which actually looked
pink in the pictures but it's kind of
beige instead like if you can see my
sports bras pink and this is beige
rather than pink this is originally from
Topshop and it was ten pounds I bought
it fool which is quite expensive for
deeper I thought it was expensive but I
really like the look of this top and
it's the kind of thing I think I'll wear
quite a lot
[Music]
I just wanted to round up the vlog and
say thank you so much for watching I
didn't actually end up writing up my
evening plan because I'm packing took
longer than I thought and I also wanted
to tidy up a few bits but thank you so
much for watching this video I hope that
you enjoyed it and I hope you have a
[Music]